In Japan, we noticed that we weren't really reaching the younger generation in our field ministry.
However, Tokyo is a place where many come for work and to go to school.
So the Japan branch planned a special preaching campaign for the Tokyo City Area.
More than 26,000 publishers applied for this campaign, this was a nice surprise.
The publishers were given personal territories, so they could be flexible in deciding when it would be most effective to reach people.
I realised that city people were out and about an evening, so I decided to try to start witnessing at 7pm.
We reached people living in high security apartment buildings through informal witnessing, and some even accepted Bible studies.
We were amazed when we learned that 2,389 Bible studies had been started in just four weeks.
Thanks to this campaign, I now know that there are still many here in my territory who would agree to a Bible study.
It was wonderful.
You could see Jehovah's rich blessing on the brothers and sisters, who stepped out of their comfort zone to try to meet as many as they could.